Using a BERT can get you state of
the art results on many
tasks or problems.
In this video, I'm
going to show you
how you can fine-tune this model,
so that you can get it to
work on your own data sets.
Let's take a look at
how you can do this.
Right now you're going to
see how you fine-tune BERT.
During pre-training,
remember, you
had sentence A and sentence B,
and then you use next
sentence prediction
and use mask tokens to
predict the mask tokens
that you mask from
each sentence, that's
in pre-training.
Now, if you want to go on to
MNLI or like hypothesis
premise scenario,
then instead of having
sentence A and sentence B,
you're going to feed in
the hypothesis over here,
and the premise over here.
For NER you're going to feed
the sentence A over here,
and then the corresponding
tags over here.
For question answering,
you'll have SQUAD.
For example, you'll
have your question over
here and then your
answer over here.
Visually, what does
this look like?
Remember this image
from the BERT's paper,
this is what ends up happening
over here you have the question.
Over here, you'll have the
paragraph and this will give
you like your answer.
This starts in the
end of the answer.
Then for NER, again,
you'll have the sentence
and the corresponding
named entities.
For MNLI, you will have
the hypothesis and then
the premise and so forth.
In summary given the place
of sentence A and
sentence census B,
you can fill it with a text
and parts for sentence
A and then say
like an all symbol
to say that you're trying
to classify the text,
whether it's for
sentiment analysis,
like happy or sad,
so that's one way to do it.
Question passage for
question answering,
you could have hypothesis
premise for MNLI.
You could have sentence with
the named entities for NER.
You can have a sentence and a
paraphrase of the sentence.
You could have an article,
the summary and so forth.
This is just the inputs
into your BERT's model.
Now that you know how to
fine-tune your model on
classification tasks,
question answering,
summarization and
more, we'll take it to
the next level and
introduce you to
a new model known as T5.
Please go onto the next video
to learn about the T5 model.